Translator: Nadine Kassem Auditor: Riyad Almubarak
I was the CEO of a large nonprofit religious organization,
I was a TV show host.
A preacher in the big churches.
I was a successful and educated American male.
The Sufi poet Thomas Martin once said,
"It is difficult to climb the ladder of success
And realize when you get to the top
That your ladder was leaning against the wrong wall. "
(Laughter)
I knew I was three or four years old transsexual.
For my naivety, I thought I could choose.
I thought a fairy for gender would arrive and say:
Well, it's time to choose!
Unfortunately, no fairy arrived,
I lived my life.
I didn't hate being a male.
I knew I was not the only one.
I went to university, got married, gave birth, got a job,
But the original inner call is sharp as a fire alarm.
(Laughter)
In the end, decisions must be taken.
So I announced that I am a mutant and lost all my jobs.
I never had a bad evaluation,
I lost every job I had.
In 21 states, you cannot be expelled because you are a transsexual,
But in 50 states, you are expelled,
If you were transsexual and work with religious organizations.
Good to know!
(Laughter)
Being a transgender woman is not easy.
People ask, "Do you feel that you are a 100% woman?"
And I would answer, "Okay, if I talk to one transgender,
You spoke to one transgender.
I cannot speak on behalf of others. "
I feel 100% transsexual.
There are things only a sexually compatible woman can teach.
Which means I learn a lot about being a female,
I also learn a lot about my ex.
(Laughter)
I have a unique experience because I lived on both sides -
I am here to say that the differences between them are huge.
(Laughter)
(clap)
So, I'll start with the small differences -
Like pockets in women's jeans.
(Laughter)
What!
(Cheering) (applause)
(Laughter)
I can't put a phone inside.
Paper clip, perhaps.
(Laughter)
Or the women's dress measurements.
Do numbers mean anything?
(Laughter)
What is double zero?
Ladies, I don't think you thought about that,
But you know that there is no time in the life of the male
He has to worry about that
Part of his clothes might fall to the toilet seat?
Maybe a long jacket, or belt, nothing.
Not just a passing idea.
(Laughter)
Now, I cut my hair in half as I used to,
And it costs me 10 times the price.
(Laughter)
So I choose between cutting my hair or going on vacation.
I can't do both.
(Laughter)
I meet gender differences wherever I go!
Literally.
I walk in the hallway and was surprised by a difference.
Nothing is on the way, however I was surprised by a difference.
I think, "What does this mean?"
I know this will leave a scar
Now, my skin is louder and I have scars everywhere.
How do I test that my sexual identity is completely different.
It is a total experience rather than a visual,
Not only physical experience, but full experience.
I can't count the times I said to Cathy,
My ex-wife: "I'm so sorry!"
(Laughter)
I just didn't know about the things that I don't know.
It is impossible for a well-educated white male to understand
How general culture serves him.
It is impossible to understand because that culture
It is all that he ever knew, and everything that he knew.
And vice versa,
It is impossible for a woman to understand the importance of this
Because being a woman is all I ever knew.
Perhaps there is a doubt that she is doing twice his work
She gets half of his salary, but she has no idea
Its difficult for her compared to the young man with the Brooks Brothers jacket
And the one sitting in the corresponding office.
I know! You were that guy!
And I thought I was a good young man,
Gentle with women,
Treat them equally.
Then came the first time I got on the plane as a woman.
It flew 2.3 million miles on American Airlines.
I knew my way on the plane.
And American Airlines treated me kindly when I turned,
But the passengers on their planes were not.
The first time I went as a coward, I was going from Denver to Charlotte,
I got up and there were things on my chair.
I picked it up to put my things, and a young man said, "It's my stuff."
I said, "Yes, but it's my seat
So I will carry it for you while you find your seat,
Then I will give it to you. "
So he said, "Madam, it's my seat!"
And I said, "Actually, it's not. It's my seat."
(Laughter)
1 d, 1 d.
But I'll be glad to carry her until you find your seat! "
He said: "What should I tell you? It's my seat!"
I said, "Yes, it is not."
(Laughter)
The moment the man standing behind me said,
"Lady, would you take your damned argument
Where else to get in the plane? "
I was totally shocked!
I was not treated like this when I was a male.
I would have said: "It's my seat,"
And let the man immediately look at his seat number
And he said, "Oh, I'm sorry."
I know because it was happening all the time!
The flight attendant took our seat numbers.
She said to the man: "Sir, you are on 1 C. It is on 1 D."
I put his things in his seat, he didn't say a word,
And of course you know who sat next to me at 1F,
(Laughter)
He is Mr. "Would you take your argument elsewhere."
So my friend Karen, who works with these lines,
I went up to the plane to give the pilot his papers.
She left waving to me.
When Charlotte arrived, she called me.
She said, "Paula, what happened?
I was pale as a card!
I told her and she said, "Yes.
Welcome to the world of women!
(Laughter)
The truth is, I will not live long to lose my male traits.
She stayed with me when she turned sexual.
(Laughter)
I have been a man for many centuries.
But this does not mean that my strength is not diminishing.
Let me tell you something else that I noticed.
Apparently, since I became a woman, I have become stupid.
(Laughter)
I think it's decreasing testosterone and estrogen arrivals
It is what made me lose my brain cells
Necessary to be a fully effective human being.
(Laughter)
Either this or I am still as smart as I was,
But I am constantly being manipulated by men.
(Laughter)
(clap)
I was in a local bike shop in Denver and an employee said:
"how can I help you?"
So I said, "Yes.
Is it possible for a gray fisher bicycle tire
To tilt, causing the rear brake to rub? "
He said, "Breaking the cylinders should be checked regularly."
I said, "I know that,
And I check it regularly. "
He said, "Oh, well, then the bike rotor is broken."
I said, "Not broken. I know the broken roundabout."
He said sympathetically: "Well, what do you want to do?"
I said, "You can answer my question."
(Laughter)
Then Kyle, the store manager.
It was very nice.
He said, "I think you are right.
Let me ask you a question:
Does this vertigo cause a problem in the back frame
When you pull it hard?
I said, "Yes, exactly!"
He said: "Yes, the frame is weak."
I wanted to get off at his feet and invite him to the blessed!
(Laughter)
Someone took me seriously!
It happens all the time now.
I have to talk to someone three or four times
Before he gives me a clear answer!
And there is something deeper:
The more you are treated like you do not understand what you are saying,
Whenever you start to ask
Do you really understand what you're saying or not, right?
(clap)
I understand a woman's tendency to be suspicious of herself.
Have you noticed that if a woman was among a group of men,
And you know she's right about what,
Will she apologize for that?
She says, "I'm sorry, but I don't think the numbers are correct."
You know, you don't have to apologize when you're right.
(Cheering) (applause)
Since I'm new to this sex, I asked my girlfriend Jane.
I said, "What are women looking for in men?"
She said, "We are looking for a man who can distinguish us
A man who understands that being women does not mean that we are less or weaker,
We are just different,
Our nature is more understanding and needs to be understood. "
Now, many men value women,
Like my good friend, Mark preacher
It always brings out the best in me
And happy to see me take over after that.
We need more men like Mark,
They want to appreciate and empower women.
I know I will find more differences
On my trip. But let me leave you with this.
To women, I give you thanks with all my heart,
I usually feel like an outsider.
I arrived too late for the female sex,
But you show me great gratitude and sympathy.
You should know that you can do more.
You are stronger than you think
You reflect the best aspects of what it means to be a human being.
And to you guys
Who often feel uncomfortable now -
(Laughter)
I really understand.
I never thought I would have that privilege,
But I did.
And you are.
What can you do?
You can believe us
When we tell you that we might, perhaps, be equal to you,
But we are not treated fairly.
It is not a field of competition, it has never been.
You can treat us equally as a solution.
You have that power.
To all of us,
Do you know who I think all the time?
I think of my daughter with dark skin,
My son's wife is also dark in skin.
What do they know and I don't know?
What do we know about situations and things we have never experienced?
It's hard to be a woman, and to be a transgender.
As a man, I did not know the things that I do not know.
Would I be converted again?
Of course I will,
Because the call of truth is great, it is sacred,
It pays for the better.
For 45 years, my father has been a fundamentalist preacher.
My mom is even tighter -
(Laughter)
When I announced my sexual transformation, they refused me.
I thought I would never talk to them again.
Last January, I took advantage of the opportunity and called my father
On his birthday, he spoke to me.
We talked for half an hour, and after about a month,
I asked to visit them and they agreed.
Last spring, I had a three-hour visit.
I met them twice since then.
But that day, around the end of the discussion,
Today, my father said important things.
When I got ready to go -
He said-
(clap)
When I got ready, he said:
Paula -
Call me Paula -
(clap)
He said, "Paula, I don't understand this,
But I intend to try. "
My dad is 93 years old,
He intends to try.
What will I look for more?
I hugged him deeply.
One man is ready to give up his strength because he knew
What he knew, he knew that he loved his child,
He was ready to do what it took
To honor another father’s journey.
thank you.
(Applause) (Cheering)